RHDEVDOCS-3593: Create a getting started section for odo (#49026)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odo-getting-started-delete.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/getting-started-with-odo/odo-getting-started-nodejs.adoc
// * cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/getting-started-with-odo/odo-getting-started-dot-net.adoc
// * cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/getting-started-with-odo/odo-getting-started-go.adoc
// * cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/getting-started-with-odo/odo-getting-started-java.adoc

:_content-type: Procedure
[id="odo-getting-started-delete_{context}"]

> = Deleting the resources (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Optional: Deleting the resources
```
OR
```suggestion
= Deleting the resources
```

[optional-in-headings.txt](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/files/9471989/optional-in-headings.txt)

Do we really need to say "optional" in the title? 
Most procedures are _conditional_ and _optional_. That is, the abstract says tells the user that, to achieve result x, do y.

Author: The Getting Started guide is essentially a single procedure with multiple sub-procedures, some of which are required and some optional. Unfortunately, our "Modular Docs" standard doesn't allow nested modules :-(.  In the overall flow of the guide, it makes sense to identify which sub-procedures are optional, so going with the Optional: prefix here

> After testing your application, you may optionally remove the resources by using the `odo delete component` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After testing your application, you can remove the resources.
```
About "may," the IBM SG says: 
> Use only to indicate permission. Otherwise, use "can" to indicate ability, or use "might" to indicate possibility.
> "May" is overused in technical information. In most cases, use "can" or "might" instead.

Minimalism: The command here is redundant with the one in the procedure. You can remove it.

.Procedure

> * Run the `odo delete component` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Delete the component:
```

+
.Sample command
[source, terminal]
----

> $ odo delete component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ odo delete <component>
```
Use angle brackets to indicate user-specified values.

Author: No. The component is inferred from the current directory, so this is not user input - it is the actual command you use.

```
$ odo delete component --help
Delete component

Usage:
  odo delete component [flags]

Examples:
  # Delete the component present in the current directory from the cluster
  odo delete component
  
  # Delete the component named 'frontend' in the currently active namespace from the cluster
  odo delete component --name frontend
  
  # Delete the component named 'frontend' in the 'myproject' namespace from the cluster
  odo delete component --name frontend --namespace myproject

Flags:
  -f, --force              Delete component without prompting
  -h, --help               Help for component
      --name string        Name of the component to delete, optional. By default, the component described in the local devfile is deleted
      --namespace string   Namespace in which to find the component to delete, optional. By default, the current namespace defined in kubeconfig is used
  -w, --wait               Wait for deletion of all dependent resources

Additional Flags:
      --kubeconfig string    Paths to a kubeconfig. Only required if out-of-cluster.
  -o, --o string             Specify output format, supported format: json
  -v, --v Level              Number for the log level verbosity. Level varies from 0 to 9 (default 0).
      --vmodule moduleSpec   Comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging

```
